2025 is the year where you're going to
turn Instagram from a timec consuming
hobby into an actual business into
something that's making you thousands
tens of thousands hundreds of thousands
of dollars a month because that's
possible there are five Keys five keys
for 2025 and those five keys are number
one Niche number two profile number
three
CSC number four DM Automation and number
five get your followers off of in let's
go through each of them in
depth Niche is the foundation of growing
on Instagram you will not grow on
Instagram unless you have a clearly
defined Niche it will be extremely
difficult to gain followers or to make
sales without a clearly defined Niche if
you are not growing on Instagram the
first thing that I check is your Niche
and for most people it's too vague most
people are too broad and too General and
too
non-specific when it comes to Niche and
Niche is two things there's two key
ingredients the first ingredient for
Niche is the who who are you talking to
what are the demographics and often
times when I ask people who is your who
who is your Niche they'll say oh
women women a woman from Southern
California who's a mom of three and is
58 years old is going to be very
different than a woman from the United
Kingdom
who is 23 and has no kids and is still
in college they have they're they're at
different stages of Life they have
different needs they have different
challenges they have different problems
they use different words the way you
talk to them is going to be different so
get crystal clear with the ho get
crystal clear with the demographics Age
religion marital status kids background
knowledge education job status career
income level all of those things get
clear on The Who and the second
thing the what I love this right here my
Niche is women 40 plus that's pretty
good that are on their meta metap pausal
Jour journey I would get a little bit
more specific than women that are 40
plus because most women who are 40 plus
are on their metop pausal Journey
menopausal Journey from my understanding
I ain't no expert so I'd get more
specific is it moms is it moms in the
midwest is it women without children
what part of their metapa Journey are
they struggling with weight loss or
weight gain are they strg struggling
with energy get really really clear on
The Who and the what that is step one to
growing on Instagram that is the
Ultimate key to growing on Instagram it
has been and it will always be your
Niche Umar says my Niche is self-seekers
who want to master their emotions and
break free from old patterns I love the
second part I love that you're helping
them Master their emotions and break
free from old patterns but what's a
self-seeker and the bigger question is
do they call themselves self-seekers do
the the people you're trying to attract
call thems self-seekers because if they
don't I wouldn't use that term and I
would not Define your niche in that way
Define your niche in a way that your
audience already knows don't use words
and terms and phrases that you've come
up with or that are like industry
specific use words and terms and phrases
that your audience knows the optimized
profile let's go through the
ABCs of the optimized profile a is an
attention grabbing profile picture
bright
well-lit highquality selfie I see way
too many people whose profile pictures
are like this far away like we got all
this extra space or there's like all
this clutter in the background or like
we can see like your whole your whole
body and your whole outfit no no no just
your face the profile picture is very
tiny make your profile picture bigger by
zooming in if your profile picture is a
logo as Elizabeth said then it needs to
be a logo that was designed to be a
profile picture an easy example that
everyone knows is the Google logo right
g o GLE e and it's like multicolored
there's a reason why Google's Instagram
account does not have G GLE e as the
profile picture shrunken down really
small it's a big G icon that takes up
the full circle some logos can work as a
profile picture but most don't because
most logos are longer here's our insta
clubhub logo do you see how like insta
club and bold and it's got Hub down here
like you know it's kind of a big long
logo well as our profile picture we just
have this just the icon so make sure if
the logo is going to be your profile
picture make sure that it is a logo that
was designed to be a profile picture it
needs to be visible even when it's
shrunken down itty bitty that's the
biggest mistake that people make with
their profile pictures is they get this
like super cool photo with all these
props and all these little details no
one's noticing the details people notice
the big bright yellow cartoon face that
is my profile picture that's why that is
my profile picture the B the B is the
bio beginning that first sentence of
your bio the first sentence of your bio
needs to clearly articulate your Niche
the first sentence of your bio needs to
clearly tell us who you are trying to
serve and how you are helping them how
you are serving them what you can
provide for them The Who and the what
the niche that needs to be the first
sentence of your bio so it clearly tells
us why we should follow you if I land on
your bio and you're like I'm I'm on a
health and weight loss Journey I'm like
that's awesome congratulations but why
should I follow you if your bio says
that you're a mom of three fur babies
awesome I love dogs too but why should I
follow you you're you're a Virgo you're
you're a wine lover you're a ski
enthusias those things are great fun
facts are great but they don't make me
follow you so your bio needs to 100%
articulate who you are but more
importantly who you are trying to
attract and what you do if you're a
musician then your bio needs to clearly
tell us what kind of music you create I
see way too many musicians trying to get
cute and fun with their bio we need to
know at a glance what kind of music do
you create again a is attenion grabbing
profile picture B is bio beginning C
stands for concise your bio as a whole
needs to be as concise as possible said
another way the least amount of words
possible simplify simplify simplify I
help you get f
be healthy and and stay active you just
said the same thing three different ways
let's just use one get crystal clear and
be concise that's the C the C is concise
Niche down as much as you can the more
you Niche down the more you will grow
the more you Niche down the more you can
charge the more you Niche down the more
engaged your community will be and then
one final S I snuck in the S right we
got the ABCs so the S stands for s SEO
and that line right there the Bold text
right below your profile picture that is
SEO friendly AKA anything that you put
on that line on that big bold line right
below your profile picture anything you
put there is a searchable keyword a way
that someone can find you and so what
most people do on that line is they just
put their name but then the only way
that someone can find you is if they
type your name so instead you need to
put some sort of title for yourself some
sort of keywords that describe your
account so mine says Instagram growth
coach that line needs to be a searchable
title or keywords for yourself
sugar-free living yes skin care for
teens and twins yes declutter coach for
busy moms yes structured literacy coach
I'm not sure how search how searched
that is that might be a little too um
too much of like Insider lingo you know
I don't know if that's what people are
actually looking up it might be I'm I'm
not aware um but I don't know if that's
something that a lot of people are
looking up Financial Consultant not bad
it's a little vague but but not bad I
would maybe add like four blank
Financial Consultant for moms for small
business owners that's profile that's
step two or that's that's key number two
but number one Niche number two profile
the third key is
CSC stands for consistent share worthy
content let's break this down the word
consistent is because it is true this is
a fact the more you post the more you
grow so if you post twice a day on
average you will grow faster than if you
post once a day if you post once a day
on average you will grow faster than if
you post every other day if you post
every other day you will grow faster on
average than someone who posts a couple
times a week if you post a couple times
a week you will grow faster on average
than someone who posts once a week that
is the average that is the numbers that
is the facts Instagram CEO has confirmed
it there are numerous studies that have
shown there is a direct correlation
between how many followers you grow and
how much you post now once you have that
in your mind there's a more important
question that you need to ask yourself
when I say post I'm talking about feed
posts stories do not help you grow reals
and feed posts carousels photos anything
you post to your feed that's how you
grow because stories don't reach new
people stories only reach your existing
followers rather than asking the
question how much should I post in 2025
I want you to ask yourself this how much
can I sustain because guess what how
much Kathy can sustain is going to be
different than how much Demitri can
sustain is going to be different than
how much Brock can sustain maybe you can
only sustain three posts a week you're
like listen I've got a new kid I've got
two other kids also so I've got three
I'm a single mom I'm working this as
like my side Hustle but because I have a
main job that's my 9 to5 I hardly have
time to make posts don't worry
we at the insta clubhub will help you
it's our goal to help you create more
posts create better posts in less time
we'll help you with all that but if
that's all you can sustain I am proud of
you for figuring out that number here's
where I'm going to challenge you
challenge yourself to do a little bit
more so if you can sustain One A Day
Challenge yourself to do a second post
on Sundays if you can sustain only one a
week challenge yourself to do two a week
because growth in life and on Instagram
happens when we push ourselves past what
we can sustain how do you grow your
muscles you push them past what they can
sustain the more you post the more you
grow but I want you to focus on what you
can sustain so that's consistent that's
the first part of CSC consistent sharew
worthy content let's talk about sharew
worthy content because getting more
shares is ultimately how you will reach
more people in 2025 I'll let you know in
a little secret Shares are how you give
the algorithm the middle finger because
here's the thing about share
if my wife shares a video with me if she
sends a video to me that video just
doubled its views it went from one view
being my wife to the second view being
me that's if she only sent it to me what
if she thought it was super funny and
relatable for her girls group chat and
she sends that in her group chat now it
just went from one view to four or five
I don't know how many are in her group
chat what if she thought it was so funny
and relatable or inspirational that she
put it on her story well now the
hundreds if not thousands of people who
are seeing her story that day are also
seeing that post on average shares
equate to about 150 extra views for just
one share so if you want to get a couple
thousand more views just get a couple
more shares share worthy content is
going to be the key to reaching new
people in 2025 so how do we do that how
do we actually make sharew worthy posts
let's talk about it five different kinds
of sharew worthy content and we're going
to talk about each of these so the first
kind of sharew worthy content is
motivational content here's a great way
to figure out motivational content for
yourself just ask yourself what
motivates me what quote inspires me what
story always uplifts my spirits when I'm
down in the dumps is there a song I
listen to is there a certain lyric in
that song is there a quote that I remind
myself is there something that I tell
myself over and over again when I need a
kick in the butt is there some message
that I heard heard someone else say that
really motivated me recently that really
inspired me that really pushed me often
times the things that motivate you the
things that inspire you are also going
to be the things that motivate and
Inspire your audience and when people
see a post that is motivational that's
inspiring that's moving that is is
encouraging and uplifting they pass it
along they share it and so here's some
examples of share worthy content and
what you'll see is two out of three of
these are so flipping easy to it doesn't
really matter what the words say but the
first post here on the left just a
motivational quote this comes from uh
Meredith who is a therapist who I
recently had on my podcast she's got
over 400,000 followers and this is what
like every single one of her posts look
like it's just like a white background
with some black text and like a
motivational quote the second post is
just the inverse of that right it's just
a black background with some white text
motivational one sentence made it on
canva took me about eight seconds to
make
highly highly sharew worthy and then the
third one uh just uses a little trending
audio in the background I'll play it
really know that you're trying and
trying and trying that's that's a real
that's a real grind pretty simple right
because every single one of you is
capable of that you don't even have to
use canva open up your Instagram stories
and just use the the create button on
Instagram stories you could make it
right then and there and post it tonight
that's it you're done so again what can
you sustain this should allow you to be
more consistent this should allow you to
create more content and this is content
that is motivational that's
inspirational and all of this is because
it's highly share worthy the second kind
of sharew worthy content is what I like
to call Call to Arms Call to Arms is the
kind of content that like it's asking
the community for help does anyone
remember the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
from 2014 that's called to Arms it's
like hey everybody here's how we can
help each other out here's how we can
support here's how we can raise
awareness here's how we can um donate to
a good cause it's it's things that are
bigger than just you there's a little
screenshot of my like crumpled up
receipt post which again I've posted
twice in the last month or two of my top
10 most shared posts ever this post it's
number three and number five in terms of
my most shared posts of all time and
it's just like a receipt that has like a
couple words on it took me like 10
seconds in canva and then this is an
experiment that I did a few months ago
Hook is what I want you to pay attention
to in this I'm doing an Instagram
experiment and I need your help that
phrase I need your help that is the key
to Call to Arms content I need your help
it's not saying like this post you know
share this post with a friend save this
it's it's saying I need your help I'm
trying to raise money for Alzheimer's
I'm trying to raise money for als I'm
trying to support small businesses I'm
trying to uh support this Hurricane
Relief I'm doing an experiment I need
your help that's Call to Arms content
the Third Kind of sharew worthy content
is the one that most of you are most
famili amiliar with and it's relatable
content relatable content I just want
you to ask yourself what's something
you've struggled with recently it can be
a big thing or it can be a small thing
I'll rattle off a bunch that relate to
my Niche so my Niche is helping people
grow and make money on Instagram so some
things I've struggled with is low
engagement low views having typos in my
posts having trolls and haters comment
on my posts having glitches on Instagram
that are super frustrating those are all
things that I've struggled with recently
that relate to my Niche like get
specific the more specific you can be
the more relatable your real will be and
this this
sounds contradictory because it sounds
like the more vague you are the more
General you are the more everyone can
relate right the more blanket your
statement is the more General and
generic your statement is the more
everyone can relate right wrong because
when you get that General and that vague
no one feels that strongly about it it'd
be like if I made a post that was just
like when you get frustrated and then it
was just like me making an angry
face okay yeah you get frustrated and so
you make an angry face but no one's
going to really relate to that that
strongly but if I was like in a cooking
Niche and I was like when you're in the
middle of whisking the bowl of flour and
the Whisk flies out of the of the bowl
and it was like a super frustrated face
that's relatable that is a very specific
experience the people who are in the
baking Niche can relate to so get
specific and I'll give you some examples
here so this first one here on the left
says my husband telling me he's going to
poop he exists now only in my memory
that's a hyper specific experience but
that is hilarious to the people who can
relate to someone who's not married not
funny to someone who whose husband poops
super quickly not funny but to someone
who's husband takes forever to poop that
is hilarious and highly sharew Worthy
and the only reason that it is hilarious
and highly sharew Worthy is because it
is specific the second example um is a
is a real from me and for this one it's
important to hear the audio the shape
goes into a shape press that presses the
shape into a pressed shape it's
confusing it's like a nonsensical audio
right and so my text on the screen is
relating that nonsense to my Niche this
third one says when my husband is trying
to love on me but I'm already in my rage
cleaning mode this give me a hug give me
a hug I need
this come on please give me give me a
hug Nick please just give me a hug
ow funny relatable specific your
followers follow you because of your
Niche so when you post things
complaining about your views they don't
care my followers care when I post about
complaining about views because everyone
who follows me cares about their views
the biggest thing with relatability is
get specific and just think about what
minute frustrations have you recently
experienced number four controversial
content now when I say controversial
content I am not telling you that you
should try to get cancelled and you
should be offensive and you should be
derogatory and you should be a rude
person that's not what I'm saying okay
here's what I'm saying you likely have
an unpopular opinion that relates to
your Niche you likely believe in
something that relates your Niche that
other people in your Niche don't totally
agree with post about that Dole Whip is
overrated I love that Aaron yes specific
yes eloping is not selfish yes flip and
love that don't pay off debt before
investing okay I love that yeah go for
it so Sally believes that supplements
are a waste of money so Sally make a
post that literally says unpopular
opinion you can say it directly to the
camera or it can be like a b-roll video
of you eating lunch and then there's
just some text on the screen and it says
unpopular opinion supplements are a
waste of money guess
what some people are going to be like oh
my gosh Sally I'm so offended
supplements are not a waste of money
supplements saved my life thank you for
the comment thank you for the engagement
and maybe you're going to have a great
conversation with that person maybe
you're going to have some great dialogue
some people are going to be like yes
finally thank you for saying this Sally
I 100% agree thank you for saying this
I'm going to share this with my friend
I'm going to send this to my doctor I'm
going to send this to my partner I'm
going to send this to my spouse I'm
going to post this on my stories because
finally Sally said what I've been
feeling what I've been thinking and
they're going to share it I feel like
you guys get controversial content more
than relatable content I feel like
controversial is a little bit easier and
then last but not least the fifth kind
of sharew worthy content is timely
content now maybe you are someone who
who is in a niche where there's not like
breaking news necessarily you can still
create timely content by doing the
following by taking pop culture and
relating it to your content so if you
are in like the baking or the cooking
space timely content would be holiday
recipes it's as simple as that when you
do this you tap into society at large
you tap into the bigger more broad
culture but you're still relating it to
your Niche so when I post a holiday
related meme it's still Instagram
related but it's timely holding space
for the lyrics of Defying Gravity while
doing my skin care yes absolutely Sarah
yes so that was csse consistent sharew
worthy content number four DM automation
DM automation is the key for making
sales on Instagram in 2025 no more
saying click the link in my bio or
saying click the link on my stories no
no no that kills your views that kills
your engagement and that kills your link
clicks don't do that instead use DM
automation DM automation is that thing
where people say comment the word chat
and I'll send you the link comment the
word pineapple and I'll send you the
recipe comment the word juice and I'll
send you my ebook that is DM automation
so if you don't already use DM
automation we have an entire live
training in the club about DM
automation so just search DM Automation
in the club in the insta clubhub um and
you'll find it um and if you're not
already signed up just DM me on
Instagram DM me the word chat right now
I don't think people are getting DM
automation burnout I think people who
like us people who are focused on
growing on Instagram we're so entrenched
in this world that we think it's
everywhere and everyone's burnt out and
overwhelmed by it in reality most people
have no idea what DM automation is all
right the fifth and final key for
growing on Instagram in 20125 is get
your followers off Instagram I hate to
be the bearer of back news and I don't
want offend anyone with the unpopular
opinion that I'm about to share but it's
the truth and I don't know about you but
I in 2025 I think that we should turn
Instagram into an actual business and
not just a timec consuming hobby 2025 is
the year where you're going to turn
Instagram from a timec consuming hobby
into an actual business into something
that's making you thousands tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands of
dollars a month because that's possible
but I'm going to be real with you it's
very
unlikely that that is going to happen if
all you have is an Instagram it's going
to be very unlikely that your business
is going to be very successful in
reality if you don't have an email list
you don't have a business I think you
can have a business without having a
website I think that's possible totally
possible you can have a business without
having a storefront definitely you don't
need a like a storefront like a physical
location but I don't think you can have
a business at least not a successful one
without an email list this is your
weekly to-do list this will be a game
changer if you can do these two things
your 2025 will be your most successful
year in business one promo per week one
promo for your email list that doesn't
mean you're selling something not
necessarily it could mean you're selling
something but it doesn't necessarily
mean that you're always selling
something but one action one post or one
story per week to get people onto your
email list now I list a few ideas here
it could be a freebie is where you offer
someone something for free in exchange
for their email a lot of you have given
me your email in exchange for 25 viral
hooks 50 story ideas 55 stories to help
you sell uh 20 b-roll ideas right these
are free things that the insta clubhub
gives away in exchange for your email I
don't mean new I just mean one thing it
doesn't even have to be different from
week to week in my example I have 25
viral hooks freebie I could promote that
this week and next week and the week
after that that's fine it doesn't have
to be new it doesn't have to be
different just one thing a week one way
that you can promote your email list and
get people onto your email list other
ways that you can get people onto your
email list is offering them more info so
let's say you give some tips in your
post and you give those tips in your
caption and then at the bottom of your
caption you say if you want two bonus
tips comment the word email and send you
the link to join my email list you could
offer people a discount code how many of
y'all have gone to someone's website
recently like one of these big companies
like Target or REI or Walmart or
whatever you you go black you go Black
Friday shopping you go to their website
and what's the first thing you get you
get a popup that says enter your email
for 15% off right why are they doing
that is it because they're just so
generous no it's because they know that
if they can get your email they're going
to get more money from you in the future
you're going to become a customer in the
future if they have your email they can
mark it and email you whenever they want
because that's how you grow a business
social media and Instagram gets the
eyeballs but your email list is what
gets the paychecks your second to do is
send one email per week in 2025 we're
adding a bunch of new lessons I've
already begun filming them we've already
begun creating them and some of them
have actually already been added to the
club we're working on it about this
right here about helping you get your
followers onto your email list getting
your followers to become customers
creating products creating freebies
creating digital downloads creating
optins creating landing pages all of
those things that turn your Instagram
from a timec consuming hobby into an
actual business we're adding to the club
in 2025 and not even like oh we'll get
to it in like June no like we're adding
it in January of 2025 we're going to
make sure that it meets whatever level
you're at because I know we have people
on here tonight who are level one and
when I talk about email list you're like
wait what's an email list why do I need
an email list and then I know some of
you are level five you're like Tracy
Sloan you're like I have an email list I
have freebies I have thousands of people
on my email list I'm promoting things to
my email list every week but how do I
take it to the next level you're level
five you're like Tracy we're gonna have
different lessons for you than someone
who's level one and is still like what
even is an email list and everything in
between I just want to encourage you to
take some time over the next few weeks
especially if you got some downtime log
into the insta clubhub spend some
time watch one of the past live
trainings if you need help with Niche
watch that live training if you haven't
set up DM automation yet watch that live
training if you need a more indepth
training on sharew worthy content we
have that we did an entire hour and a
half just talking about creating sharew
worthy content for anyone who wants to
get set up with Stan cuz I know someone
said is there a free email list option
DM me on Instagram DM me the word Stan
right now and you can get the link to
join Stan plus a two-e free trial that's
my favorite email list provider because
it's an all-in-one so when I first got
started in business about eight years
ago you needed like five different
subscriptions you needed a email list
subscription you needed a subscription
to a website where you could like host
your website you needed an a
subscription to a site where you could
have your course or your product or
whatever it is that you actually selling
and then you need like a link in BIO
tool like link tree which everyone knows
link tree nowadays now all of that's in
one all of that is in Stan yeah Stan
hosts email lists and they have DM
automation they're working on rolling it
out you won't even need like Stan and
many chat you can literally just use
stand the other cool thing is that Stan
doesn't charge you more as your email
list grows most companies as your email
list gets bigger they charge you more or
as you make more money they charge you
more I also say that because a lot of
those trainings a lot of the new lessons
that are going to be added to the club
in 2025 around growing your business
your email list creating products a lot
of them are going to be regarding Stan
like using Stan to set up your email
list using Stan to create your products
using Stan uh for your your website that
sort of thing just to recap the five
keys to growing on Instagram in 2025
Niche profile consistent sharew worthy
content DM Automation and get followers
off of Instagram if you want like an
actual coach we have insta clubhub.com
for slash coaching rather than just like
a accountability partner uh but I
appreciate y'all